---
title: 'README: Data Analysis'
output: 
  html_document:
    keep_md: true
date: "2025-03-26"
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

## Author

Amy Zhang

This is an instruction to the files in the repository "dataAnalysis",
for the web-based experiment on speed listening.

# Pre-registration

You can find the pre-presistration of this experiment
[here](/Users/amyzhang/Documents/School/YearIII/PNB3EE3/zhangAmy/preregistration/PreRegistration.html). All the data collected and
analyses conducted are planned.

# Speed Listening Experiment

The purpose of this experiment is to examine people's experiences in
speed listening. Participants were assigned to one of four listening
speed conditions, listened to an audio clip of approximately 10 minutes,
and completed questions regarding the content of audio clip.

**Hypotheses**: Attention should decline over time regardless of audio
speed, i.e. increasing reaction time with later trials.

Since higher speed exerts a heavier cognitive load, the decline would be
faster or occur earlier in faster speed conditions, i.e. 2.0x will
decline faster than 1.75x, which will decline faster than 1.5x.

However, there is no clear direction of the attention level difference
among different speed conditions.

## Data Simulation

No real data were gathered for this experiment. The data used in the
analysis is simulated. The code for data simulation can be found in the
R Notebook "dataAnalysis.Rmd" under the heading "Data Simulation".

## Data Analysis

The pre-registered data analysis procedures were carried out. The
analysis code and results can be found in the R Notebook
"dataAnalysis.Rmd" under the heading "Inferential Statistics and
Visualization".

## Acknowledgments

This project is a part of PNB 3EE3 assignments. The speed listening
experiment is hosted online [here](experimentCode/speedListening.html).

All the audio clips and the text script used in the experiment are
generated by ChatGPT.
